README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
signboardr
==========

Utilize GoogleVision API to extract text from archaeological photos containing a sign board. Further, the extracted text can be added as searchable XMP metadata tags to photos.

### Citation

Please cite this compendium as:

> Authors, (2017). *Title of compendium*. Accessed 02 Sep 2017. Online at <https://doi.org/xxx/xxx>

### Installation

You can install signboardr from github with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("mrecos/signboardr")
```

### Licenses

**Text and figures:** [CC-BY-4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

**Code:** See the [DESCRIPTION](DESCRIPTION) file

**Data:** [CC-0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) attribution requested in reuse

### Contributions

We welcome contributions from everyone. Before you get started, please see our [contributor guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

functions, example images, roxygen docs

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
signboardr
==========

Utilize GoogleVision API to extract text from archaeological photos containing a sign board. Further, the extracted text can be added as searchable XMP metadata tags to photos.

### Installation

You can install signboardr from github with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("mrecos/signboardr")
```
### Description

This package is a thin wrapper around the `RoogleVision` package `getGoogleVisionResponse` function with additional functions for plotting of extracted text and writing of extarcted text as XMP metadata using the ExifTools tool.

### Usage

### Licenses

**Text and figures:** [CC-BY-4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

**Code:** See the [DESCRIPTION](DESCRIPTION) file

**Data:** [CC-0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) attribution requested in reuse

### Contributions

We welcome contributions from everyone. Before you get started, please see our [contributor guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.
